---
layout:     post
title:      This is not my first blog
date:       2015-02-28 08:29:18
summary:    A brief history of my time online, mostly about wrestling.
categories: me history
---

My first blog was on AOL. They weren't called blogs then, they were called homepages. I can't remember my username so I won't spend ages trying to find an archive of it, but that doesn't matter, I know for a fact it was literally just Kurt Cobain's suicide note, copied and pasted, no doubt in Comic Sans.

I gave up on that after my IRL friend gave the link to his internet girlfriend and she said it was in poor taste. That really upset me so I took it down.

It was clear I wasn't cut out to be an editor yet but I still wanted to write. So I joined a [fantasy wrestling federation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fantasy_wrestling). 

>Fantasy wrestling is an umbrella term representing the genre of role-playing and statistics-based games which are set in the world of professional wrestling.

>Several variants of Fantasy Wrestling exist segregated by the way they are transmitted (through websites, message boards, e-mail, postal mail, or face-to-face)

My federation was more role-playing than statistics-based. You typed out a monologue by your wrestler talking about his upcoming opponent and then the promoter decided who won, I think mainly based on who wrote the longest post.

Unfortunately my fantasy wrestling (I'm not capitalising that) was transmitted through a website I can't find.

The Stalker was a pretty successful wrestler! He was hardcore champion for about a year. I used that as an application to write for a real wrestling blog about real wrestling. I only wrote one article but it was pretty good, I submitted it as part of my English coursework and got 58/60. 

I was clearly ready to have another go at being an editor, so I set up a .com with a couple of friends. It was pretty good fun. We wrote about selling stuff on ebay and reviewed made up videogames and film sequels. I filled it with adverts, mainly because I thought that that made it look more like a proper website. We once even got a polite cease and desist from a student job agency, which I immediately capitulated to. It was time to go pro!

So someone paid me real money to run their computer games blog. I am still extrmely grateful for the opportunity but, crikey, it was hard to find enough to write about. We aimed for a ten post a day minimum, all about mobile gaming, all before iPhone. Some of it was not gold. I took a break from blogging for a really long time, I think until today.

But, hey, here's a thing: I logged into Google Analytics the other day and was amazed to see a music subsite of a website I used to run is still going, and is actually pretty popular. So it turns out I'm successful after all.